# Bandab1400

• The main purpose of this project was to optimize the procedure for analyzing and generating a report on the staff health condition using their medical test result data.
• At "Bandab" HSE professionals normally have to review all the medical test results and report a summary for overall health of the staff working at the central office. However, a volunteer project is designed to automate this report generation, using data analysis principals and implementing the related tools and software.
• The final result of the project includes an R script as well as an Rmd file both written in Rstudio IDE which can take the untouched raw excel data provided by "Pars Hospital Laboratory" as an input. It manipulates the data, visualize the most important health parameters in clean and insightful plots and generate a report in PDF format, mentioning the number of people tested with certain health conditions and suggesting further investigations if necessary.
• One major advantage of this project is that the written code can be further used on other medical data provided by Pars Hospital Laboratory and generate clean reports no matter the number of people tested. It can also get more sophisticated by more updates in the future, if more health parameters are needed to be analyzed or more insights are required to be presented in the report.
• This Repository includes the sample pdf file generated in 2021 using the markdown file and the rmd file introduced above based on the most recent medical test data on "Bandab" staff.
